[ZT] Clean up user logs (#14873)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/identity-selectors.md

- Log out from an Access-protected application and log back in.
- In their WARP client settings, select **Preferences** > **Account** > **Re-Authenticate Session**. This will open a browser window and prompt the user to log in.

> To view the identity that Gateway will use when evaluating policies, refer to their [User Registry identity](/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/users/).

Author: ```suggestion
To view the identity that Gateway will use when evaluating policies, check the [user registry](/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/users/).
```
